So Tian Tian actually had an ordinary fever.
After going to the first hospital, I discovered that Tian Tian had an old adventure,
Then he was sent to Tianji Hospital.
Tianji Hospital gave Tiantian free of charge for his insurance.
Damn these beasts,
What a private doubt. How could there be such a perverted person?
Regardless of the child's life or death, risk must be taken.
I seemed to have seen this report before, but then it disappeared quickly.
Those are all rich and busy people, so they can't report anything at all.
So, you resigned because of this, right?
I didn't resign.
Because of sweet things
There is a lot more to go up
Although the hospital has suppressed
But the hospital leaders came to talk to me
It's okay if you don't let me see
Nanbo, there will be me in the future
He has never smiled without you and Xiaoxue, right?
If I tell this thing
They will take action against you and Xiaoxue
That's why I...
So this is why you divorced me
The real reason, right?
Boss Ma, do you know these things?
What does this matter have to do with me?
Then if you donate and win money, the one with the least dirty stuff is you, the champion.